My data got leaked in Indigo's ransomware attack: We need better cybersecurity rules
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/business/commentary/article-employee-data-leak-indigo-ransomware-attack/
We commiserated over a flurry of messages and group chats, thinking of current Indigo employees working day and night to resolve the breach, and ...

Headteacher leaves after sharing list of striking teachers - NationalWorld
https://www.nationalworld.com/education/headteacher-quits-after-sharing-list-of-striking-teachers-4051263
Charlotte Jordan, 45, has left King Edward VI Five Ways Grammar school in Birmingham just months after another alleged data breach involving ...

Nintex names Amit Mathradas chief executive officer - iTWire
https://itwire.com/guest-articles/company-news/nintex-names-amit-mathradas-chief-executive-officer.html
GUEST RESEARCH: Telstra Ventures' latest Emerging Tech Hub report discloses… Tenable Research Reveals APAC at the Epicentre of Global Data Breach ...

How to avoid billion-dollar fines due to unsecured messaging apps - VentureBeat
https://venturebeat.com/security/how-to-avoid-billion-dollar-fines-due-to-unsecured-messaging-apps/
And with the rise in remote and hybrid work environments and the adoption of bring-your-own-device (BYOD) practices in the workplace, data breaches ...

Billions of Health Care Dollars at Risk Due to Weak Security in Remote Patient Monitoring
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230305005047/en/Billions-of-Health-Care-Dollars-at-Risk-Due-to-Weak-Security-in-Remote-Patient-Monitoring
... emerging data security threats from overseas monitoring device vendors and the associated costs of exposing patient data to security breaches.

Digi Yatra: Speedy check-in or hassle-free surveillance? - The Leaflet
https://theleaflet.in/digi-yatra-speedy-check-in-or-hassle-free-surveillance/
Data holds significant value in the market, and a data breach or sale has obvious repercussions. India's experience with data security has not been ...

Kieron Pollard reprimanded for HBL PSL Code on Conduct breach - Cricket World
https://www.cricketworld.com/kieron-pollard-reprimanded-for-hbl-psl-code-on-conduct-breach/85680.htm
Multan Sultans all-rounder Kieron Pollard has been reprimanded for a level 1 breach of the HBL PSL Code of Conduct for Players and Player Support ...

Concerning technology breach hits Rio Tinto as private staff communications ... - The West Australian
https://thewest.com.au/business/mining/concerning-technology-breach-hits-rio-tinto-as-private-staff-communications-exposed-through-dash-cams-c-9944996
The company added: “Rio Tinto is working with the provider to investigate the matter and currently does not believe any data from these cameras has ...

Australia to overhaul cyber security laws: the legal implications coming down the line
https://lsj.com.au/articles/australia-to-overhaul-cyber-security-laws-the-legal-implications-coming-down-the-line/
The Federal Government plans to overhaul the country's cybersecurity agenda in the wake of last year's disastrous data breaches on Optus and ...

School cybersecurity in 2023: What's your incident response plan? - The Educator Online
https://www.theeducatoronline.com/k12/news/school-cybersecurity-in-2023-whats-your-incident-response-plan/282047
Education institutions faced the highest data encryption rate (73%) compared to other ... “This ensures that if a data breach ever does occur, ...

Gallant Challenge aims to breach €500K mark in 2023 - Anglo Celt
https://www.anglocelt.ie/2023/03/05/gallant-challenge-aims-to-breach-e500k-mark-in-2023/
A Cornafean man who raised €34000 for a sponsored walk in aid of St Christopher's Hospice in Cavan has paid tribute to the people of Cavan for ...

You won't believe how much money hackers get from stealing your data - Vigour Times
https://vigourtimes.com/you-wont-believe-how-much-money-hackers-get-from-stealing-your-data/
How do I prevent this from happening to me? Antivirus protection. The best way to protect yourself from having your data breached is to have antivirus ...

These 'Fun' and 'Harmless' Social Media Quizzes Can Make You Easy Prey to Hackers
https://fij.ng/article/these-fun-and-harmless-social-media-quizzes-can-make-you-easy-prey-to-hackers/
More recently, in 2022, Verizon, in its Data Breach Investigations Report, also disclosed that 82% of cyber breaches were caused by human errors.

How to Reduce Security Risks Posed by Cloud Identities? - TechEconomy
https://techeconomy.ng/how-to-reduce-security-risks-posed-by-cloud-identities/
Some 45% of those breaches happened with cloudbased infrastructures, while 80% involved privilege abuse. And privilege abuse begins with attacks on ...

Week in review: LastPass breach, GCP data exfiltration, UEFI bootkit - Help Net Security
https://www.helpnetsecurity.com/2023/03/05/week-in-review-lastpass-breach-gcp-data-exfiltration-uefi-bootkit/
Here's an overview of some of last week's most interesting news, articles, interviews and videos: Google Cloud Platform allows data exfiltration ...

Australian National Maritime Museum hit by alleged 'trusted insider' attack - iTnews
https://www.itnews.com.au/news/australian-national-maritime-museum-hit-by-alleged-trusted-insider-attack-591640
... resulting in the man allegedly using credit card information to make a ... Australian orgs lodged 497 data breach notices in back half of 2022.

LastPass breach could've been able to stop a 3-year-old Plex update - Research Snipers
https://researchsnipers.com/lastpass-breach-couldve-been-able-to-stop-a-3-year-old-plex-update/
This occurred after investigating two high-level data breaches in the previous year. We have gotten a detailed report on the second incident ...

Possible data protection violation when using VirusTotal Page 1 of 0 - breakinglatest.news
https://www.breakinglatest.news/business/possible-data-protection-violation-when-using-virustotal-page-1-of-0/
What is the problem or data breach when using VirusTotal? If files with personal data are uploaded or checked, there is usually an order ...

IT Security News Daily Summary 2023-03-05
https://www.itsecuritynews.info/it-security-news-daily-summary-2023-03-05/
Week in review: LastPass breach, GCP data exfiltration, UEFI bootkit &middot; Cyberattack on British Retailer WH Smith Exposes Employees` Data.

Week in review: LastPass breach, GCP data exfiltration, UEFI bootkit - Help Net Security
https://www.helpnetsecurity.com/2023/03/05/week-in-review-lastpass-breach-gcp-data-exfiltration-uefi-bootkit/
Here's an overview of some of last week's most interesting news, articles, interviews and videos: Google Cloud Platform allows data exfiltration ...

Sodium-Ion Battery for Stationary Energy Storage Market Regional Overview 2023-2028
https://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/news/sodium-ion-battery-for-stationary-energy-storage-market-regional-overview-2023-2028-size-and-share-estimation-revenue-business-prospect-growth-opportunity-challenges-potential-benefits-till-2028
It precisely gives the necessary data and its state of the art investigation to help figure out the ideal business ... Data Exfiltration Market.

Global Population Health Management Market Growth Statistics 2023 - Digital Journal
https://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/news/global-population-health-management-market-growth-statistics-2023-competitive-landscape-restraining-factors-market-concentration-rate-development-status-and-growth-by-forecast-2027
The goal of the PHM solution is to enable data-driven healthcare at the ... Global Data Exfiltration Market analysis by Top Leading Player ...
